---
layout: post
title: My favourite Firefox extensions
categories:
- Miscellanea
tags: []
status: publish
type: post
published: true
meta: {}
---
"How many times must people tell us their favourite firefox extensions?"<br /><br />I look at other peoples lists and sometimes I find things I don't know about, so here are mine. By the way, if your don't already have <a href="http://mozilla.com/firefox">firefox</a> (thats a web browser, like internet explorer, or the blue 'e' as Danny said to me once), then get it, give it a go and maybe drop it later if you don't like it like. I love it though. If you have it but don't know how to instal them, then just go to tools>extensions pop-up appears, click the 'get more extensions in the bottom right corner. This link takes you to the extensions website where you can pick them out and install them.<br /><br />Ok, the list:<br /><ul><li>Tabbedbrowser Preferences: This is always the first thing I grab when I instal a fresh copy. Adds a neat little button to your tab toolbar for new tabs, plus some other little preference settings.</li><li>Download Statusbar: Rather than having a pop-up status box for your downloads it put's them into a status bar at the bottom of your browser. Just one of those annoyance tidiers.</li><li>PDF Download: Because I don't always want to just open them in a new tab.</li><li>Colorful Tabs: I originaly just thought this was geeky supurfluousness but was hassled into getting it by <a href="http://thelrsessions.blogspot.com">Jay</a>. The colourfulness is nice enough, but the useful part is that the title on any tab you havn't yet looked at is italicised. I find this very useful as I often open many tabs when I flick through the results of a websearch.</li><li>FireFTP: I won't recommend this as a replacement to a dedicated FTP client (for that I'd recommend <a href="http://filezilla.sourceforge.net">filezilla</a>, a quality dedicated ftp client). But it is pretty neat if you just want to quickly upload a file or two.</li><li>ColorZilla: It has a colour eyedropper tool, plus various zoom funtions and other such like.</li><li>Reveal: Another one from Jay. It's thumbs up all your tabs on hitting f2. Also gives you a thumb of the previous page on the back button. Has a very irritating tripple click magnifying glass, but that can be disabled through it's preferences</li><li>Del.icio.us: If you have a del.icio.us account than this is a usefull extension for quick and easy tagging.</li><li>JSView: Lets you inspect any javascript and css, like the view source function does for HTML.<br /></li></ul> All these extensions I have given the exact name, so it should be real easy to find them. If I've missed a sitter, then please tell me.
